Correct typo in index.adoc (#1)
PMSFIT/fmi-ls-ref: docs/index.adoc

== Common Concepts

> This layered standard provides the capability to include multiple experiment setups, including experiment-related settings, parameter sets and reference inputs and outputs, in an FMU.

Reviewer: Probably best to split it out:

```suggestion
This layered standard provides the capability to include sets of related files, as well as multiple experiment setups in an FMU.

The experiment setups can include experiment-related settings, parameter sets, reference inputs, and reference outputs.
```

> 
> This allows for sufficient information to provide smoke test validation of an FMU in a new simulation environment, and/or the ability to provide multiple parameter sets with an FMU as part of the FMU archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows for sufficient information to provide smoke test validation of an FMU in a new simulation environment, or the ability to provide multiple parameter sets with an FMU as part of the FMU archive.
```
